
SKILS:
Create a skill for future you for antigravity, for how to adding or editing the features specific to this codebase in either the frontend/backend might affect the other. 
focus on the interaction between the components and the program flow, and declare the best practices to use when editing this codebase. put in any information 
about the project too that they might have to find, as all of the prompts in the future are probably going to reference this. i have major modifications planned and a lot of features need to be fixed.

Create a skill for future you for antigravity, for how upload all the changes to the server. i want you to push all the changes to live right now, and tell me to verify that its 
all up and working, and then you can write the skill about what you did to make it work.


FORUM ORGANIZATION:
make configs section of the forum read only unless the user has an active subscription for that product.
put showcase and put it above community configs, and rename it to feature showcase
add a suggestions catagory by optimization tips and support tickets, and change optimization tips to troubleshooting guide



TASKS:
IMPLEMENT THE ABILITY FOR ADMINS TO BAN AND DELETE USERS, AS WELL AS MANAGE their SUBSCRIPTIONS IN THE DISPLAY IN THE ADMIN PANNEL OF /ADMIN

IMPLEMENT THE ABILITY FOR USERS TO CHOOSE WHERE/how THE IMAGE IS CROPPED WHEN UPLOADING A new PROFILE PICTURE. let them rescale and center the crop.

CLEAN UP THE CRYPTO monitor, i changed some varible names and stuff in there, AND ALSO MAKE SURE ALL THE WALLET DATA AND API KEYS ARE HANDLED CORRECTLY, INSTEAD OF JUST STORED IN PLAIN TEXT(BESIDES THE MAIN ENV FILE).I saw some of them in /artifacts/api-server/src/config/payments.ts

ADD THE ABILITY TO MERGE AN SSO ONLY ACCOUNT WITH AN EXISTING ACCOUNT IN THE ACCOUNT SECTION, AND ALSO IF THE ACCOUNT EMAIL IS THE SAME AS THE GOOGLE SSO EMAIL THEY SHOULD AUTOMATICALLY LINK

fix up the admin visibly only button to delete shoutbox messages, check for any errors.

add the functionality and display to let users login with username/email instead of email only.

rename the initialize thread button. the create the upgrades page is broken, and the get access button on the home page redirect to /upgrades should lead to the store page instead. the upgrades page should be for active users to see their subscription times.and, when i try to create a thread, i get an error that says "did you forget to add the page to the router?"

make a record of guest and user login IPs in the admin pannel

add controlls to adjust the prices of products in the admin pannel, and add an option to select multiple of the same product to get bulk pricing. also let the admins adjust discounts in the admin pannel.

fix up the local deployment build and standardize it with the live deployment so that we can test the website more effectively. hard code some test credentials of an admin account in the offline version into its db too for ez testing.

in the core configuration of the admin pannel in /admin, add an option turn the forum into invite only mode
where admins can grant users invites upon request, giving them a one time use code, which new useres will be required
to use when signing up for the forum. make the text input box for the code only visible on the registration page when the
site is in invite only mode. also add buttons to clear invites, remove invites, invite ban/unban users. the admin pannel should also have
controlls to set expiration dates on invites. also allow users to request invites with 2 modes, one where they have to be approved by admins (u probably have to make a section in the pannel)
and one where they are automatically instantly granted (with a cooldown timer that can be set in the admin pannel). also, add the option to leave the site open '
and only make certain products invitation only, with all of the same systems.

make me a GUI app in python or C that gives me the functionality to upload and builds new itterations of the website to the VPS via winSCP and ssh, and lets me start and manage the server. also add in the ability view backend health(if something fails, i want it logged to a file or auto coppied to clipboard so i can send it back to you for troubleshooting other features). if its possible, build it in such a way so that you can interact with it later on as well. reference the existing deployment scripts but note that they might have some flaws and you might have to ensure that all of the commands are working properly before you really work on making the app. the main goal of this is to standardize deployment and make it smoother in the future, since everytime i try to deploy with an agent something goes wrong and it takes tons of troubleshooting, running diagnostics, and restarting before it goes back up.

the upgrades page is broken, and the get access button on the home page redirect to /upgrades should lead to the store page instead. the upgrades page should be for active users to see their subscription times.

add a way for me to upload the loader(its a .exe) via the admin pannel on the website, and make sure that the functionality for registered users with an active subscription to download it exist and are functional.

the shoutbox shouldnt appear for users who are not logged in, and when it does appear, swap it with the DOMINATE THE GAME box, so that there is just a small ad banner on the right for registered users and the shoutbox is bigger and useable. also messages should appear at the bottom of the shoutbox

for the payment options, figure out how use the stripe checkout screen instead of having users directly input card information into the site.
